more on LANG to address issue #83 (#87)
FamilySearch/GEDCOM: specification/gedcom.md

#### `LANG` (Language) `g7:LANG`

The primary human language of the superstructure.

> The language in which the `Text`-typed payloads of the superstructure and its substructures appears.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The language in which the `Text`-typed payloads of the superstructure and its substructures appear.
```
grammar nit

The payload of the `LANG` structure is a language tag, as defined by [BCP 47](https://www.rfc-editor.org/info/bcp47).
A [registry of component subtags](https://www.iana.org/assignments/language-subtag-registry/language-subtag-registry) is maintained publicly by the IANA.

> In the absence of a `LANG` structure, the language is assumed to be unknown;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the absence of a `LANG` structure, the language is assumed to be unspecified;
```
(it's known by someone or it wouldn't be a language, so suggest "unspecified")

that may also be recorded explicitly with language tag `und` (meaning "undetermined").

> See `g7:HEAD-LANG` for information about applying language-specific algorithms to text in an unknown language.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See `g7:HEAD-LANG` for information about applying language-specific algorithms to text in an unspecified language.
```

If the text is primarily in one language with a few parts in a different language,
it is recommended that a language tag identifying the primary language be used.

> If no one language is primary, the language tag `mul` (meaning "multiple") may be used.
> Most language-specific algorithms will need to treat `mul` the same way they do `und`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If no one language is primary, the language tag `mul` (meaning "multiple") may be used,
but most language-specific algorithms will treat `mul` the same way they do `und`.
```

:::note

> Conversations are ongoing about adding part-of-payload language tagging in a future version of the spec

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Conversations are ongoing about adding part-of-payload language tagging in a future version of the specification
```

to provide more fidelity for multilingual text.
:::

If the text is not in any human language and should not be treated as lingual content,
the language tag `zxx` (meaning "no linguistic content" or "not applicable") may be used.
An example of `zxx` text might be a diagram approximated using characters for their shape, not their meaning.

:::note

> This specification does not document the use of `LANG` in every place where human language text might appear.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This specification does not permit `LANG` in every place where human language text might appear.
```

> Conversations are ongoing about adding it in more places in a future version of the spec.
> Using the current spec, additional language tagging can be accomplished using a [documented extension tag](#extension-tags)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Conversations are ongoing about adding it in more places in a future version of the specification.
Using the current specification, additional language tagging can be accomplished using a [documented extension tag](#extension-tags)
```

> by including this in the header:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
by including the following in the header:
```
